Umbraco UI Builder release notes and details on entity identifier type converters (#7006)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 15/umbraco-ui-builder/release-notes.md

Below are the release notes for Umbraco UI Builder 15, detailing all changes in this version.

#### [**15.1.2**](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.UIBuilder.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F15.1.2) **(April 4th 2025)**

> * Removed global registration of `UDI` converters [#144](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.UIBuilder.Issues/issues/144), [#136](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.UIBuilder.Issues/issues/136) and introduce new [Entity Identifier Converters](./collections/entity-identifier-converters.md) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed global registration of `UDI` converters [#144](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.UIBuilder.Issues/issues/144), [#136](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.UIBuilder.Issues/issues/136), and introduced new [Entity Identifier Converters](./collections/entity-identifier-converters.md).
```

> * Fixed `Create` action button [#137](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.UIBuilder.Issues/issues/137)
> * Add collection list view refresh feature following an entity action [#139](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.UIBuilder.Issues/issues/139)
> * Fixed collection visibility [#134](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.UIBuilder.Issues/issues/134)
> * Enable rendering of sidebar properties.
> * Fixed an issue that prevented the creation of multiple sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed `Create` action button [#137](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.UIBuilder.Issues/issues/137).
* Added collection list view refresh feature following an entity action [#139](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.UIBuilder.Issues/issues/139).
* Fixed collection visibility [#134](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.UIBuilder.Issues/issues/134).
* Enabled rendering of sidebar properties.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the creation of multiple sections.
```
